# Art-Explorer
Introdction: 

ART Compiler Output Navigator is an interactive compiler output analyzer tool. It helps android runtime compiler developers to quickly view and analyze code generated by any java compiler such as Java Bytecode, Dex code, and native assembly code. 

Developers while developing compiler optimizations can see the impact of their changes with ease without bothering the conversion detail at background. The above expectations by the compiler developer is met by this tool. This tool provides the detail information related to generated code at method level and it is equipped with editor features to make developer ease in writing and analyze the source code. 

Opportunity/Problem:

There are various open source compiler interactive tool are available to generate and analyze the machine code of languages like C, C++, Rust, Go, Haskell, Swift, Pascal code but they are incompatible to the Java language. There is no tool available to view the byte code and optimized dex code in Android Eco system. Developers while developing Java program for Android Application would like to see the assembly output for the target platform to understand if there are any further optimizations possible

Setup the Apache:
1)	To install apache:		sudo apt install apache2
2)	Edit the configuration of apache2.conf
-	vim /etc/apache2/apache2.conf
-	Add these lines:
<Directory /home/rtiwari1/compiler/>
        Options Indexes FollowSymLinks
        AllowOverride None
        Require all granted </Directory>
-       vim /etc/apache2/sites-enabled/000-default.conf
-	Replace the line :  DocumentRoot /var/www/html/  by DocumentRoot /home/rtiwari1/compiler/

3)	Install PHP:			sudo apt-get install php5 libapache2-mod-php5
4)	Start the apache server:		sudo /etc/init.d/apache2 restart
5)	Testing the php:
-	cd  /home/rtiwari1/compiler/
-	Write a small php code to test whether setup is working or not.
-	vim index.php                <?php  echo “Setup is working..” ?>
-	Run a php file from localhost browser. Open browser.
-	Add ip address of host in the url, for example: 10.66.245.110
-	It should display message: “Setup is working..”.

Add android binaries:
1)	Create a directory in home to keep the binaries of the Android source.
2)	mkdir  /home/rtiwari1/compiler
3)	Create a directory for Android-O, And-P, And-Q
4)	cd ~/compiler/
5)	mkdir andP andQ andO
6)	 Copy the out directory contents of Android build into the respective android directory.

